README.md, before:

# Note Taker
An application using Express.js that can be used to write and save notes



## Description

This 

### User Story

- As a small business owner, I want to be able to write and save notes so that I can organize and keep track of tasks I need to complete

### What I Learned
- More in depth experience using Inquirer prompts and generating info to a page
- Implementing Test Driven Development using the Jest testing packages
- Deeper file structuring of my code
- Continued practice and development with Object Oriented Programming


## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Walkthrough Demo](#walkthrough)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation

To run and test this application, the following programs/libraries will need to be included in your local workspace:  
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)
- [Jest Testing Suite](https://jestjs.io/)  
- Clone this repository down to your local device to test and try on your own using the following command:  
    - `git clone git@github.com:samocain93/Team-Profile-Generator.git`
- Install the dependencies located in the `package.json` file using:  
    - `npm install`

- The necessary packages have now been downloaded and you are ready to begin!

## Usage

1. If you've followed all the steps in the `installation` section, you are now ready to begin.
2. Clear out your terminal by typing `clear` in your command line
3. Type in `index.js` to start the index file and the inquirer prompter will start by asking you the first manager question




## Walkthrough

[Walkthrough Demo Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1t2hL8FvgTWx1YgYEB6wGaW9imHs9Ca27/view?usp=share_link)  


## Screenshot

![Generated Team Profile Screenshot](./assets/images/team_profile_screenshot.png)

## Credits

Sam O'Cain, 2022

## License

- This application is available to test and try locally. For any suggestions on improvements or new features, please see the links provided in the following section, or feel free to create a fork for this repo and submit a pull request.


## Questions?

-  Email: [samocain93@gmail.com](mailto:samocain93@gmail.com) 
- GitHub: [samocain93](https://github.com/samocain93)  
-  LinkedIn: [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-samuelocain-blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/samuelocain/)

Commit message:

added languages badges to readme

README.md, after:

# Note Taker
An application using Express.js that can be used to write and save notes

## Description

This application will allow users to create and save notes on a webpage, providing a title and description along with each note. If the user decides to delete a note, they will have the option to delete a created note using the red trash icon next to the list of notes on the left of the page.

### User Story

- As a small business owner, I want to be able to write and save notes so that I can organize and keep track of tasks I need to complete

### What I Learned
- Continued practice using Node.js and new Node packages
- Using the express Framework for the first time to create routes for a server
- Deploying a webpage to be hosted using Heroku


## Table of Contents

- [Languages](#languages)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Languages
![html shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white
) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white
) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white
)


## Installation

To run and test this application, the following programs/libraries will need to be included in your local workspace:  
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Inquirer.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)
- [Jest Testing Suite](https://jestjs.io/)  
- Clone this repository down to your local device to test and try on your own using the following command:  
    - `git clone git@github.com:samocain93/Team-Profile-Generator.git`
- Install the dependencies located in the `package.json` file using:  
    - `npm install`

- The necessary packages have now been downloaded and you are ready to begin!

## Usage

1. If you've followed all the steps in the `installation` section, you are now ready to begin.
2. Clear out your terminal by typing `clear` in your command line
3. Type in `index.js` to start the index file and the inquirer prompter will start by asking you the first manager question


## Screenshot

![Generated Team Profile Screenshot](./assets/images/team_profile_screenshot.png)

## Credits

Sam O'Cain, 2022

## License

- This application is available to test and try locally. For any suggestions on improvements or new features, please see the links provided in the following section, or feel free to create a fork for this repo and submit a pull request.


## Questions?

-  Email: [samocain93@gmail.com](mailto:samocain93@gmail.com) 
- GitHub: [samocain93](https://github.com/samocain93)  
-  LinkedIn: [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-samuelocain-blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/samuelocain/)
